
Interviewer: Kalaivani K
Questions Asked:
Can you explain your project in detail?
How did you execute your project?
What improvements can be made to your project?
Which Spring Boot version did you use in your project?
Which JDK version did you use?
Why are Lombok annotations required in your project?
What are HTTP Status Codes, and which ones did you use?
Why did you not use STS shortcuts?
For how long have you been using Spring Tool Suite (STS)?


Interviewer: Kalaivani K
Questions Asked:
Can you explain your project?
How do you execute your project?
Which Spring Boot version did you use?
What annotations did you use in your project?
Can you explain the working flow of your application?
Explain each keyword used in your code.
Can you show and explain the running output of your application in Postman?


Interviewer: Kalaivani K
Questions Asked:
Can you explain your project in detail?
Which Spring Boot version did you use?
Which annotations did you use in your project?
Can you explain the working flow of the application?
What is the purpose of each keyword used in your project?
Can you demonstrate and explain the Postman output of your application?



Interviewer: Tathagata Ghosh
Questions Asked:
How is Spring Framework developed?
Can you explain the concept of Spring Development?
What is String Pool?
How does Spring internally manage object creation and lifecycle?


Interviewer: Tathagata Ghosh
Questions Asked:
Can you explain how Spring Framework was developed?
What is the concept of Spring Development, and why was Spring introduced?
What is Spring Pool?
Why do we store passwords in the application.properties file`?
What are annotations in Spring?
Why are annotations important in Spring applications?
How does Spring use annotations internally?



INTERVIEWER: Sonali Somal 

Questions: 

Mostly from project 

what are the spring boot exceptions 

what is Global Exception Handler 

what are the Design pattern you used 

explain @Transactional 

explain about your project 

Http methods 

@restcontrollerAdvice and @controllerAdvice 

why you choosed these modules Only 

Explain about JpaRespository 

what is use of Builder  

XML file 

service,controll,Repository 

explain java21 features 

spring boot starter parent 

NoArgsConstructor, AllArgsConstrutor, RequiredArgsConstructors 

@Slf4j 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

 
 

Interviewer: Kalaivani K 

1.  Overview about Project 

2 .What is the purpose of NoArgsContructor annotation in Model code. 

3. what are the validation you have used for project. 

4. All questions are about my project business logic and controller  

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 


Interviewer: Rakesh Kumar 

1.Introduction 

2.  Overview about Project 

3. what are the validation you have used for project. 

4. All questions are about my project business logic and controller  

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 


Interviewer:- Kalaivani K 

1.explain flow of project 

2.Annotation  

3.Mapping 

4.SQL 

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 


INTERVIEWER: Sonali Somal 

Questions: 

Mostly from project 

what is Global Exception Handler 

explain @Transactional 

project base question, explain all packages, xml file, version, git, service logic, jpa repository, sql database, query, annotation 

  

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 


Interviewer: Kalaivani K 

Overview about Project 

Explain all packages 

Model 

ResponseEntity 

Statuscode 

DTO 

helper Method 

mapping 

exception 

file handling 

 


 
 
Interviewer Name: Rana Ranjeeth Singh
 
Questions:
 
self intro
project
Authentication vs Authorization
what is Web API? (what protocol it uses)
HTTP is stateless or stateful
What is JIT?
what is Grabage Collection?
how objects are created in Java?
Stack vs Heap ? which is faster stack or heap?
What is JVM?
what is method overloading?
methods with same parameters but different return type, is it overloading, which error will it give?
what is runtime polymorphism?
Primary key vs unique key
primary key creates which index?
what are the different types of indexes?
Joins
Cross join
Table1 has 5 records ,table2 has 3 records, no. of records in table1 * table2?
Table1 has 5 records ,table2 has 0 records, no. of records in table1 * table2?
What is Trigger?
Can we call trigger from stored procedure?
what ORM you implemented?
what is hibernate?
What is class loader?
Access modifiers
table, Table variable, temp table (syntax)
 
Interviewer: Rana Ranjeeth Singh
 
What is the status code for a successful (OK) HTTP response?
What is the difference between PUT and PATCH methods?
What is an API?
What is a REST API and which protocol does it use?
What is HTTP?
What is the difference between a primary key and a unique key?
How are indexes created for primary keys and unique keys?
What are indexes in a database?
Can we overload a static method in Java?
Can we override a static method in Java?
What are SQL joins?
Explain try, catch, and finally blocks.
What is a stack and what is a queue?
What is the difference between stack memory and heap memory?
What is runtime polymorphism?
What is compile-time polymorphism?
What are design patterns?
Explain the Singleton design pattern (Creational).
Explain the Adapter design pattern (Structural).
Explain the Observer design pattern (Behavioral).
Sql self join query
 
 
INTERVIEWER : Rana Ranjeet Singh
 
What is the difference between PUT and PATCH methods?
difference between fetch. EAGER fetch.lazy
What is the difference between a primary key and a unique key?
How are indexes created for primary keys and unique keys?
Explain try, catch, and finally blocks.
Polymorphism and types?
Can we overload main method?
methods with same parameters but different return type, is it overloading, which error will it give?
what is delegation?
What are design patterns?
Explain the Singleton and which design pattern?
Explain the Adapter and which design pattern?
Explain the Observer and which design pattern?
What are SQL joins?
Sql self join query
Cross join
Table1 has 5 records ,table2 has 3 records, no. of records in table1 * table2?
Table1 has 5 records ,table2 has 0 records, no. of records in table1 * table2?
What is Trigger and types?
Can we call trigger from stored procedure?
table, Table variable, temp table (syntax)
 
 
 
 
 
Ranjeet Singh Rana (Interviewer)
 
Introduce Your self
what is polymorphism
what is compile time polymorphism
what is run time polymorphism
what is join
what are types of join
what are self join 
what is cross join
Difference between Primary key and unique key
what is Jit 
what is rest api
what protocol api follow 
what are the principle of api
what is stack and heap memory which oneis faster
what is method overloading
 
Table1 has 5 records ,table2 has 3 records, no. of records in table1 * table2?
 
Table1 has 5 records ,table2 has 0 records, no. of records in table1 * table2?
 
What is Trigger?
Can we call trigger from stored procedure?
What are design patterns?
explain the types of design pattern
what is finally keyword
 
Any frontend part you are working on
 
at the end focus cloud aws
 
 
Interviewer name - Rakesh Kumar
 
questions - 1) Introduction
                   2) Project Explanation
                   3) How's the flow in controller
                   4) Diff between put & patch
                   5) SpringBoot annotations
                   6) What is @componantScan
                   7) What are loggers
                   8) Java 8 features
 
 
 
Interviewer Name : Ranjeet Singh Rana
 
self intro
project
Stack vs Heap ? which is faster stack or heap?
what is method overloading?
methods with same parameters but different return type, is it overloading, which error will it give?
what is runtime polymorphism?
what is compile time polymorphism?
Primary key vs unique key
Joins
Cross join
Table1 has 5 records ,table2 has 3 records, no. of records in table1 * table2?
Table1 has 5 records ,table2 has 0 records, no. of records in table1 * table2?
What is difference between List and ArrayList?
what is self join?
Design patterns
difference between fetch. EAGER fetch.lazy
what is delegation?
 
 Interviewer Name: Karthikeyan Krishnamoorthi
 
Questions:
 
Project Explanation
END TO END FLOW OF PROJECT
SpringBoot annotations
CORE JAVA 
hash set 
linked list
collections in java 




Ashish dudhmal
1.Tell me about your project
2.where is interface in your project
3. show your project in API
4. Tell your project flow
5. Java 8 version
6. Lambda function
7.solid principle
8. Show last 7 days report
9.which type of injection used
10.What is JPA repository
11.which type of inheritance is used in repository
12. Which version of java You are using
13. What is functional interface
14. Custome exception
15.checked vs unchecked exception
16. Which type of exception u are using
17.bean scope
18.types of bean scope
 
Aishish Dudhmal
 
Solid Principles
which solid principle you used in your peojects
explain @springbootApplication?
Project flow
use of annotations
component vs service?
if database is down then which error cause and how to avoid it
git use in project how and which types of commands, how to manage conflicts?
Ritu Hemnani
 
1.How to create maven project ?
2.How to connect database (MySQL) to java application. ?
3.What is @Entity ?
4.Why DTO is Used ?
5.PATCH & PUT mapping difference.
6.How exactly entity class fields stored in database ?
 
 
Arif Jamal
 
-Write a program to print Frequency Of characters in a string and its Repeating Characters
-What is Singleton and how do you implement it in java? and why it is used?
-IOC in detail how it works
-starters,How it helps project and working of it..
- what are the predefined starters are available when creating a project and name some starters apart from them and its usage
-Cache? and how it is implemented in java and examples what its usage.?
 
 
Ambica Golla
explain project
authorisation and authentication
pom.xml
where u use interface in your project
inheritance vs abstraction
DTO ,Model
what is JWT 
how you use security
what is primary and unique key
 
 
Ambica Golla
Explain Controller service and repository
What is dto
Difference between authentication and authorization,
How a JWT token is created
D/w pom.xml and application. Properties
Maven command to install dependencies
What is spring starter and spring starter parent
Difference between truncate and drop
How you have implemented restful API's in your project
How many types of exception handling 
How you have handled exceptions in your project
What is spring
What is difference between Checked and unchecked Exceptions
 
 
*Ambica golla*
 
 
-Explain package (controller,dto...pom.xml)
-Diff b/w authentication and Authorization
-What kind of authentication is used in your project?
-What Authorization used?
-Briefly explain about jwt token.
-What is the default token expression tag?
-Diff b/w function and stored procedure.
-How did u connect the database in your project.
-Show repository implementation.
-Show main cls in the project.
-Tell about DML operation .
-Write a query to get top 5 salary.
-Types of joins.
-What is CTA in sql?
-What is local templable and global templable .
-How to create a temporary table.


Interviewer Name- Sonali Samal 

Questions: 1)Introduction 

        	     2)Project Overview 

     	   3)What is @RestController 

                  4)Explain flow of Project and Your Module 

   5)@Valid use 

   6)Types of Exception  

   7)Exception use in my Project 

   8)Generate Value 

   9)@Service and @Repository 

   10)use of jpaRepository 

   11)Lombok and @Data annotation 

 



Evaluator - Ambica Gola. 

Give me project overview. 

What is authentication? 

What type of security you used in your project?  

What is interface? 

 



Evaluator name:- Ambica golla 

Final year project and role in it 

Why are we using java 

Difference between abstraction and interface 

flow of project 

jwt authentication 

difference between authorization and authentication 

 

 
 

Interviewer name- Ambica Golla 

Questions- 

1 explain all oops concepts 

2 difference between interface and abstract class 

3 difference between authentication and authorization 

4 how jwt works 

5 how do you implement jwt in your project 

6 project workflow 

7 types of polymorphism and its explanation 

8 types of exception and its explanation 

 



Interviewer name - Ambica Golla 

1.Introduction 

2.OOPs Concept 

3.Difference b/w Abstraction and Interface 

4.Show Abstraction and Interface in your project 

5.JPA repository 

6.Authentication and Authorization 

7.What is JWT, Singleton 

 



Interviewer Name:- Ashish Dudhmal 

Questions:-  

Introduce your self. 

Project workflow 

Every annotation used in project , And there alternative. 

Which java version are you using and why? 

Solid Principles? and which one is in your project? 

Java 8 features and which are being used in your project? 

  

 

 
 